This is my sister and cousin, right?
It's not certain whether we can become a family or not.
This is my sister going to bed too early.
warm
It's really you
Why are you still wearing a mask?
Hey, this is my junior sister named Warm
Fourth brother
Fourth sister-in-law and Wen Xi look so similar
And they all live here
Could it be sisters?
How is that possible?
He is one of our servants
After all, I saved some money
Take my picture and get plastic surgery
The kitchen is busy
Hurry up and help
Hey wait
Miss Mu swears there is something wrong with plastic surgery
How do I see you, though?
Moxie, you punk
Can you afford to meet Miss Lu?
Kneel now
Kowtow to Miss Lu immediately and apologize
Forget it, I'm fine.
You burned badly
You must pay immediately.
Miss Lu, it's all my fault
I'm sorry you're cold, aren't you?
I made you kneel and apologize